Docs: Update API keys docs to mark that api keys will be service account tokens (#67975)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/administration/api-keys/index.md

The service account endpoints generate a machine user for authentication instead of using API keys. When you migrate an API key to a service account, a service account will be created with a service account token.

> > **Note:** If you are using API keys for authentication, we recommend that you migrate your integration to the service account authentication method. The API key will continue to work as a service account token. You can locate the migrated API key under Service accounts, service account tokens tab. See [Grafana service account tokens]({{< relref "../service-accounts/#service-account-tokens" >}}) details.

Author: ```suggestion
> **Note:** If you're currently utilizing API keys for authentication, we strongly advise transitioning your integration to the service account authentication method. Rest assured, your existing API key will still function as a service account token. To find the migrated API key, navigate to the Service Accounts section and select the Service Account Tokens tab. For more information, please refer to the [Grafana service account tokens]({{< relref "../service-accounts/#service-account-tokens" >}}) details.
```

> > **Note:** If you're currently utilizing API keys for authentication, we strongly advise transitioning your integration to the service account authentication method. Rest assured, your existing API key will still function as a service account token. To find the migrated API key, navigate to the Service Accounts section and select the Service Account Tokens tab. For more information, please refer to the [Grafana service account tokens]({{< relref "../service-accounts/#service-account-tokens" >}}) details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** If you're currently using API keys for authentication, we strongly recommend to use Grafana Service Accounts instead. Rest assured, when migrating to Service Accounts, your existing API keys will continue working as before. To find the migrated API keys, navigate to the Service Accounts section and select the Service Account Tokens tab. For more information, please refer to the [Grafana service account tokens]({{< relref "../service-accounts/#service-account-tokens" >}}) details.
```
